(DOCSP-23489): Swift client reset with recovery docs (#2201)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/sync/handle-sync-errors.txt

Client Reset
------------

When using :ref:`Device Sync <sync>`, a **client reset** is an

> error recovery task that your client app must perform in the following
> situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error recovery task that your client app must perform when both of the following occur:
```

Author: Maybe I've been looking at this too long now, but this part feels unnecessarily wordy to me. Rewording slightly.

Reviewer: i think some explicit call out in the text that there's an "AND" here is important. 

doesn't need to be the wordy "error recovery task that your client app must perform when both of the following occur:", but i think something more than what's there now would help clarify this "AND"

Author: Hrm. I'm not super thrilled with this verbiage anyway, so I've made a pass at rewriting this section to more clearly describe the error and potential consequences. What do you think of the updates?

Reviewer: great improvement!

Client Reset
------------

When using :ref:`Device Sync <sync>`, a **client reset** is an
error recovery task that your client app must perform when a given
synced realm on the server can no longer sync with the client realm. 
In this case, the client must reset its realm to a state that matches the
server in order to restore the ability to sync.

When this occurs, the unsyncable realm on the client may contain data that 
has not yet synced to the server. Realm SDKs can attempt to recover or 
discard that data during the client reset process.

> For more information about what might cause a client reset to occur, see
> :ref:`client-resets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about what might cause a client reset to occur, go to
:ref:`client-resets`.
```

might also be worth mentioning that this is in the App Services docs

Client Reset
------------

When using :ref:`Device Sync <sync>`, a **client reset** is an
error recovery task that your client app must perform in the following

> situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
situations:
```

Author: This isn't actually two separate situations; it's when A *and* B.

Reviewer: ah ok, see new suggestion below clarifying that

> 

Reviewer: in the below bullet point, it says "Realm server crash". what is meant by Realm server? 
maybe rephrase to 'Device Sync server crash'?

Author: I don't actually know. This bullet predates my touching this page. I'm just going to remove that "For example" since I'm not really sure what it means, and if it _does_ mean Device Sync server crash, we maybe don't want to highlight that possibility in docs.

synced realm if the server is restored to a version older than the
version on the client.

> For more information about what might cause a client reset to occur, see:
> :ref:`client-resets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about what might cause a client reset to occur, see
:ref:`client-resets`.
```

synced realm if the server is restored to a version older than the

> version on the client.

Reviewer: this intro doesn't talk about the notion of breaking schema changes. should it?

Author: I don't think it should, necessarily, as there are apparently a bunch of reasons a client reset could occur - not just breaking schema changes. But it's a good note that this intro doesn't really provide details about why this could happen. I'll add a link to the client reset page in App Services that goes into more detail about why client resets could occur.

.. _ios-automatic-vs-manual-client-reset:

Automatic vs. Manual Client Reset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Realm SDKs provide :ref:`client reset modes <ios-specify-client-reset-mode>` 
that automatically handle most client reset errors. Automatic client 
reset modes restore your local realm file to a syncable state without 
closing the realm or missing notifications. 

All the client reset modes except ``.manual`` perform an automatic client 
reset. The differences between the modes are based on how they handle 
changes on the device that have not yet synced to the backend.

> Choose ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges`` to handle most client reset 

Reviewer 2: I think @ianpward would want us to steer users to .recoverUnsyncedChanges. That's also our default.

scenarios automatically. This attempts to recover unsynced changes when a 

> client reset occurs, and falls through to discard unsynced changes when 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
client reset occurs, and discards unsynced changes when 
```

the client cannot recover unsynced data.

In some cases, you may want or need to :ref:`set a manual client reset handler 
<ios-manual-client-reset-handler>`. You may want to do this if your app 

> requires specific client reset logic that can't be handled automatically.

Author: I specifically wanted to add some information about what we mean when we talk about an "automatic client reset". This is meant to be conceptual information about what is an automatic client reset and which client reset modes use it. I do introduce the paragraph with a sentence introducing the client reset modes here: 

> The Realm SDKs provide :ref:`client reset modes <ios-specify-client-reset-mode>` that automatically handle most client reset errors.

The "Specify a Client Reset Mode" section is supposed to be more of a "how to do the thing" section.

the :swift-sdk:`.clientResetMode 
<Structs/SyncConfiguration.html#/s:10RealmSwift17SyncConfigurationV15clientResetModeAA06ClientfG0Ovp>`
in the :swift-sdk:`SyncConfiguration <Structs/SyncConfiguration.html>` to 
one of:

- ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``: When you choose this mode, the client attempts 
  to recover unsynced changes. Choose this mode when you do not want to fall
  through to discard unsynced changes. 
- ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``: The client first attempts to recover 
  changes that have not yet synced. If the client cannot recover unsynced 
  data, it falls through to :ref:`discard unsynced changes 
  <ios-discard-local-changes>` but continues to automatically perform the 
  client reset. Choose this mode when you want to enable automatic client 
  recovery to fall back to discard unsynced changes. 

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-client-reset-mode.swift
   :language: swift

There may be times when the client reset operation cannot complete in 
recover unsynced changes mode, like when there are breaking schema changes or
:ref:`Client Recovery <recover-unsynced-changes>` is disabled in the 

> Device Sync configuration. To handle this case, your app can implement a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device Sync backend configuration. To handle this case, your app can implement a
```

i think worth specifying talking abt server-side for clarity.

   :language: swift

This property takes :swift-sdk:`an enum representing the different client 
reset modes <Enums/ClientResetMode.html>`: 

- ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``
- ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``
- ``.discardUnsyncedChanges`` 
- ``.manual``

If you do not specify ``.clientResetMode`` in your configuration, the client 
reset mode defaults to ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``.

> You can specify a before and after block to execute during the automatic client 

Reviewer 2: Maybe put quotes or back tick around "before" and "after" since it's not a technical term and just a proper noun I chose.

reset process. You might use this to perform recovery logic that is important 
to your application.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.client-reset-with-blocks.swift
   :language: swift

If your app has specific client recovery needs, you 
can specify the ``.manual`` client reset mode and set a :ref:`manual client
reset handler <ios-manual-client-reset-handler>`. You might do this if 
you have specific custom logic your app must perform during a client reset,
or if the :ref:`client recovery rules <ios-client-recovery-rules>` do not 

> work for your app.

Reviewer: are you here talking about, do `.manual` mode if automatic fails? is this a property of the `.recoverUnsyncedChanges` method? 

i think this paragraph could be a little clearer, and a code example could help as well.

Author: No, this is meant to communicate that you can manually handle a client reset if our automatic client reset logic is not compatible with the app's design or needs. We don't want to recommend developers handle it themselves, but it _is_ an option that developers should know about if they don't want to use our client recovery rules or have specific logic they need to add during a client reset.

.. _ios-handle-schema-changes:

Handle Schema Changes

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: should this section be subsection of "Recover unsynced changes" section? 

based on my understanding of this, the content in "Handle Schema Changes" is only applicable when you're doing a client reset w recovery.

Author: Breaking changes must be handled through a manual client reset. So I think this section generally applies to the entire client reset process.

Client Recovery can automatically manage the client reset process in most 

> cases. When you make schema changes, Client Recovery has these limitations:

Reviewer: what do you mean by "Client Recovery" here? it's title cased in this paragraph like a feature, but hasn't been introduced as such yet

Author: Ah, good point. I had recently written a lot about this on the App Services side and completely spaced that I hadn't introduced it as such in the SDK. Added a few lines and links to App Services docs.

- The client can :ref:`recover unsynced changes <ios-recover-unsynced-changes>` 

>   when there are no schema changes, or non-breaking schema changes.

Reviewer: this doesn't seem like a limitation, but a good feature. yet its in the list of limitations. i think something needs rephrasing.

- When you make breaking schema changes, you must set a :ref:`manual client 

>   reset handler <ios-manual-client-reset-handler>`. Automatic client recovery

Reviewer: can it automatically *discard* changes if breaking? or must you always do manual recovery if breaking changes, even if you're ok discarding changes?

Reviewer: ok, i think i better understand now. 

pardon me if my understanding is still wrong, i think in this bullet point it's worth noting that the 3 non manual client reset handlers (.recoverUnsyncedChanges, .recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges, .discardUnsyncedChanges) still fall back to manual client reset if there's a breaking change.

Author: I _think_ I've clarified this sufficiently with restructuring and verbiage tweaks based on your comments below. If you think it still needs tweaking, let me know!

  cannot occur when your app makes breaking schema changes.

For information on breaking vs. non-breaking schema changes, see: 
:ref:`breaking-change-quick-reference`.

.. _ios-recover-unsynced-changes:

Recover Unsynced Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 10.3x.0

During a client reset, client applications can attempt to recover data 
in the local realm that has not yet synced to the backend. To recover 
unsynced changes, :ref:`Client Recovery <recover-unsynced-changes>` must 
be :ref:`enabled in your App Services App <enable-or-disable-recovery-mode>`, 
as it is by default.

If you want your app to recover changes that have not yet synced, set 
the :swift-sdk:`.clientResetMode 
<Structs/SyncConfiguration.html#/s:10RealmSwift17SyncConfigurationV15clientResetModeAA06ClientfG0Ovp>`
in the :swift-sdk:`SyncConfiguration <Structs/SyncConfiguration.html>` to 
one of:

> - ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``: choose this mode when you do not want to fall

Reviewer 2: I'd put this sentence last, and lead with the second sentence.
"choose this mode when you do not want to fall through to discard unsynced changes."
This may be more style, but I'd put the edge case later.

  through to discard unsynced changes. When you choose this mode, the 
  client attempts to recover unsynced changes. If there are breaking schema 
  changes, the client cannot execute an automatic recovery and instead falls 
  through to ``.manual``.

> - ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``: choose this mode when you want to 

Reviewer 2: Same here. Lead with second sentence.

  enable automatic client recovery to fall back to discard unsynced changes. 
  The client first attempts to recover changes that have not yet synced. 
  If the client cannot recover unsynced data, it falls through to 
  :ref:`discard unsynced changes <ios-discard-local-changes>` but continues 

>   to automatically perform the client reset.

Reviewer: per below example, looks like `.manual` is a secondary fallback if cannot discard. is this a correct understanding? 

if so, would be good for docs to reflect this.

Author: Added the line from above bullet point here also.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-client-reset-mode.swift
   :language: swift

If the client reset operation cannot complete in recover unsynced changes mode, 
as in when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls 
through to ``.manual`` mode. You can set an error handler for this fall
through case via the :swift-sdk:`SyncManager 

> <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm-sdks/swift/latest/Typealiases.html#/s:10RealmSwift11SyncManagera>`:

Author: Good catch, thank you!

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.manual-fallback-error-handler.swift
   :language: swift

.. _ios-client-recovery-rules:

Client Recovery Rules
`````````````````````

When Client Recovery is enabled, these rules determine how objects are 
integrated, including how conflicts are resolved when both 
the backend and the client make changes to the same object:

- Objects created locally that were not synced before client reset are synced.
- If an object is deleted on the server, but is modified on the recovering 
  client, the delete takes precedence and the client discards the update.
- If an object is deleted on the recovering client, but not the server, 
  then the client applies the delete instruction.
- In the case of conflicting updates to the same field, the client update 
  is applied.

.. _ios-discard-local-changes:

Discard Unsynced Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. versionchanged:: 10.32.0: .discardLocal changed to .discardUnsyncedChanges

Reviewer: in the rendered docs, there's a double colon here (`::`). not sure why. can you make it just 1?

Author: Huh, interesting. I'll try changing the punctuation and see what happens?

The **discard unsynced changes** client reset mode permanently deletes all 
local unsynced changes made since the last successful sync. You might 
use this mode when your app requires client recovery logic that is not 
consistent with the Device Sync :ref:`Client Recovery Rules 
<ios-client-recovery-rules>`, or when you don't want to recover unsynced data.

Do not use discard unsynced changes mode if your application cannot lose local 
data that has not yet synced to the backend.

To perform an automatic client reset that discards unsynced changes, set 
the :swift-sdk:`.clientResetMode 
<Structs/SyncConfiguration.html#/s:10RealmSwift17SyncConfigurationV15clientResetModeAA06ClientfG0Ovp>`
in the :swift-sdk:`SyncConfiguration <Structs/SyncConfiguration.html>` to 
one of:

> - ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``: choose this mode when you want to 

Reviewer 2: Same as above, lead with second sentence.

  first attempt to recover unsynced changes. When you choose this mode, the 
  client attempts to recover unsynced changes. If the client cannot recover 
  unsynced data, it instead falls through to discard it. This enables your 
  app to complete the automatic client reset without any manual handling 
  except in the event of breaking schema changes.
- ``.discardUnsyncedChanges``: choose this mode when you do not want to 
  attempt to recover unsynced changes, but do want to automatically recover
  from a client reset error. You might prefer to discard changes by default
  if the :ref:`Client Recovery Rules <ios-client-recovery-rules>` do not 
  work for your app's logic.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-discard.swift
   :language: swift

If the client reset operation cannot complete in discard unsynced changes mode, 

> as in when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls 
```

> as in when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls 
> through to ``.manual`` mode. You can set an error handler for this fall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as in when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls 
back to ``.manual`` mode. You can set an error handler for this fall
```

> through case via the :swift-sdk:`SyncManager 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back case via the :swift-sdk:`SyncManager 
```

<https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm-sdks/swift/latest/Typealiases.html#/s:10RealmSwift11SyncManagera>`:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.manual-fallback-error-handler.swift
   :language: swift

.. _ios-manual-client-reset-handler:
.. _ios-manual-mode:

Manual Client Reset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you specify ``.manual`` for ``.clientResetMode``, or if your app makes

> breaking schema changes, you should implement a manual client reset handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
breaking schema changes and you're using another client reset handler, you should implement a manual client reset handler.
```

Author: I don't think this actually makes sense, as you have to implement a manual client reset handler full stop if you make breaking changes.

If your app uses Swift SDK version 10.24.2 or earlier, ``.clientResetMode`` 

> is not an available property on the SyncConfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not an available property on the `SyncConfiguration`.
```

In ``.manual`` mode, you define your own client reset handler. The handler 
can take an ``ErrorReportingBlock``. We recommend using the

> automatic client recovery modes when possible, and treating the manual

Reviewer: maybe ref "automatic client recovery modes" to the above section about the topic?

> automatic client recovery modes when possible, and treating the manual
> handler as a fatal error recovery situation where you advise client app 
> users to update the app or perform some other action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatic client recovery modes when possible, and treating the manual
handler as a tool for fatal error recovery situations where you advise
users to update the app or perform some other action. 
```

as it is by default.

If you want your app to recover changes that have not yet synced, set 
the :swift-sdk:`.clientResetMode 
<Structs/SyncConfiguration.html#/s:10RealmSwift17SyncConfigurationV15clientResetModeAA06ClientfG0Ovp>`
in the :swift-sdk:`SyncConfiguration <Structs/SyncConfiguration.html>` to 
one of:

- ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``: When you choose this mode, the client attempts 
  to recover unsynced changes. If there are breaking schema changes, the 
  client cannot execute an automatic recovery and instead falls 
  through to ``.manual``. Choose this mode when you do not want to fall
  through to discard unsynced changes. 
- ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``: The client first attempts to recover 
  changes that have not yet synced. If the client cannot recover unsynced 
  data, it falls through to :ref:`discard unsynced changes 
  <ios-discard-local-changes>` but continues to automatically perform the 
  client reset. If there are breaking schema changes, the client cannot 
  execute an automatic recovery and instead falls through to ``.manual``. 
  Choose this mode when you want to enable automatic client recovery to 

>   fall back to discard unsynced changes. 

Reviewer: don't this was the case before, but now this client reset method is mentioned in both this section and below in the "Discard Unsynced Changes" section.

Author: I think it's relevant in both places, because it attempts both to recover and then discard unsynced changes. That's why I've put it in both places.

Device Sync configuration. To handle this case, your app can implement a
:ref:`manual client reset fallback <ios-client-reset-manual-fallback>`.

.. _ios-manual-client-reset-handler:
.. _ios-manual-mode:

Manual Client Reset Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you specify ``.manual`` for ``.clientResetMode``, you should implement 
a manual client reset handler.

In ``.manual`` mode, you define your own client reset handler. The handler 
can take an ``ErrorReportingBlock``. We recommend using the
:ref:`automatic client recovery modes <ios-automatic-vs-manual-client-reset>` 
when possible, and only choosing ``.manual`` mode if the automatic recovery 
logic is not suitable for your app.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-manual.swift
   :language: swift

.. tip::

   If you are using an older version of the SDK, and want to see an example of 
   how you might manually recover changes in a manual client reset, check out
   this :github:`example on GitHub
   <mongodb/realm-practice/blob/main/swift/RealmPractice/Classes/ViewController.swift#L286>`.

.. _ios-client-reset-manual-fallback:

Manual Client Reset Fallback

> ----------------------------

Reviewer: should this be an H3?

Author: Updated!

reset handler <ios-manual-client-reset-handler>`. You might do this if 
you have specific custom logic your app must perform during a client reset,
or if the :ref:`client recovery rules <ios-client-recovery-rules>` do not 
work for your app.

.. note:: 
   
   If your app uses Swift SDK version 10.24.2 or earlier, ``.clientResetMode`` 
   is not an available property on the ``SyncConfiguration``.

.. _ios-handle-schema-changes:

Handle Schema Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:ref:`Client Recovery <enable-or-disable-recovery-mode>` is a feature that is
enabled by default when you :ref:`configure Device Sync <enable-sync>`. When 
Client Recovery is enabled, Realm Database can automatically manage the 
client reset process in most cases. When you make schema changes:

- The client can :ref:`recover unsynced changes <ios-recover-unsynced-changes>` 
  when there are no schema changes, or non-breaking schema changes.
- When you make breaking schema changes, you must set a :ref:`manual client 
  reset handler <ios-manual-client-reset-handler>`. Automatic client recovery
  cannot occur when your app makes breaking schema changes.

> For information on breaking vs. non-breaking schema changes, see: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on breaking vs. non-breaking schema changes, see 
```

i notice this is 2nd time on this page w `see: <page link>`. for the sdks i've worked on, we don't do this. is this a convention in the swift sdk docs?

Author: Ah! I saw this comment come in through email and missed the suggested change - that gives me the context that you're talking about the colon.

This is a "me" convention, but I couldn't remember where I picked it up. I went looking in various style guides and can't find any guidance related to this specifically. I think it is probably a holdover from my long-ago web writing days when we used to introduce links at the end of sentences with colons. That does not appear to be the convention in any of my current style guides, so I'm happy to change it.

:ref:`breaking-change-quick-reference`.

.. _ios-recover-unsynced-changes:

Recover Unsynced Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 10.32.0

During a client reset, client applications can attempt to recover data 
in the local realm that has not yet synced to the backend. To recover 
unsynced changes, :ref:`Client Recovery <recover-unsynced-changes>` must 
be :ref:`enabled in your App Services App <enable-or-disable-recovery-mode>`, 
as it is by default.

If you want your app to recover changes that have not yet synced, set 
the :swift-sdk:`.clientResetMode 
<Structs/SyncConfiguration.html#/s:10RealmSwift17SyncConfigurationV15clientResetModeAA06ClientfG0Ovp>`
in the :swift-sdk:`SyncConfiguration <Structs/SyncConfiguration.html>` to 
one of:

- ``.recoverUnsyncedChanges``: When you choose this mode, the client attempts 
  to recover unsynced changes. If there are breaking schema changes, the 
  client cannot execute an automatic recovery and instead falls 

>   through to ``.manual``. Choose this mode when you do not want to fall

Reviewer: i find it confusing how this refers to the method `.manual` when it's not actually invoking `.manual()` like it would in a [non-fallback manual client reset](https://docs-mongodbcom-staging.corp.mongodb.com/realm/docsworker-xlarge/DOCSP-23489/sdk/swift/sync/handle-sync-errors/#manual-client-reset). 

rather, you just set `app.syncManager.errorHandler` here. per [below suggestion](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-realm/pull/2201/files#r999758994), if you make a dedicated section for "Manual Fallback", you could ref to it here rather than refer to `.manual`.

Author: Sorry, I meant to remove these lines after adding the new section. Totally missed removing these. Thank you for catching!

  through to discard unsynced changes. 
- ``.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges``: The client first attempts to recover 
  changes that have not yet synced. If the client cannot recover unsynced 
  data, it falls through to :ref:`discard unsynced changes 
  <ios-discard-local-changes>` but continues to automatically perform the 
  client reset. If there are breaking schema changes, the client cannot 
  execute an automatic recovery and instead falls through to ``.manual``. 
  Choose this mode when you want to enable automatic client recovery to 
  fall back to discard unsynced changes. 

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-client-reset-mode.swift
   :language: swift

> If the client reset operation cannot complete in recover unsynced changes mode, 

Reviewer: i think it could be worthwhile to break this into its own section, titled something like "Manual Fallback" with a ref like `ios-client-reset-manual-fallback`.

this'd make sense cuz the code example here is relevant to `.recoverUnsyncedChanges`, `.recoverOrDiscardUnsyncedChanges`, and `.discardUnsyncedChanges`.

and then you could reference this section in the explanations of all those sync handlers

Author: Fair point. I've refactored this a bit to break "manual fallback" out into its own section, and clean up the `.manual` mode verbiage so it's not trying to do double duty. I think this should handle the next several comments. Let me know if you think it still needs clarifying after these changes.

  unsynced data, it instead falls through to discard it. This enables your 
  app to complete the automatic client reset without any manual handling 
  except in the event of breaking schema changes. Choose this mode when 
  you want to first attempt to recover unsynced changes. 
- ``.discardUnsyncedChanges``: You might prefer to discard changes by default
  if the :ref:`Client Recovery Rules <ios-client-recovery-rules>` do not 
  work for your app's logic. Choose this mode when you do not want to 
  attempt to recover unsynced changes, but do want to automatically recover
  from a client reset error.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.specify-discard.swift
   :language: swift

If the client reset operation cannot complete in discard unsynced changes mode, 
like when there are breaking schema changes, the client reset process falls
back to ``.manual`` mode. You can set an error handler for this fallback 
case via the :swift-sdk:`SyncManager 
<Typealiases.html#/s:10RealmSwift11SyncManagera>`:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ClientReset.snippet.manual-fallback-error-handler.swift

>    :language: swift

Reviewer: per [above suggestion](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-realm/pull/2201/files#r999758994), i think it'd make sense to break this out into it's own section to reference here.

.. _ios-manual-client-reset-handler:
.. _ios-manual-mode:

Manual Client Reset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you specify ``.manual`` for ``.clientResetMode``, or if your app makes
breaking schema changes, you should implement a manual client reset handler.

In ``.manual`` mode, you define your own client reset handler. The handler 
can take an ``ErrorReportingBlock``. We recommend using the
:ref:`automatic client recovery modes <ios-automatic-vs-manual-client-reset>` 
when possible, and treating the manual handler as a tool for fatal error 
recovery situations where you advise users to update the app or perform 

> some other action. 

Reviewer: maybe i'm misunderstanding something, but this seems to conflate `.manual` mode with the  manual fallback for the more automated modes. 

is my understanding correct?
